This file is used to make notes of design structure!

The index.php file is kept at the lower level.
All php files that create pages or named pages are to be kept in the library
All files that are called that are functions, css, or anything needed to make a page work, shared by mulitiple pages are to be kept in library/includes
All files that are used by the html to be inserted into a page mostly graphics will be at library/pics.

Menu’s 
We need a multi level menu.
First two levels are logged in or not logged in (general public, everyone sees this page)

Under the logged in level.
General user.  these menus will be common to all logged in users at all times
    1 General user can browse a directory of other user information
    2 Can edit some information about himself, such as telephone number’s and email address
    3 See’s information on details and upcoming assignments
    4 See’s information about his training.
    
Detail Co-ordinator
    1 Can create a detail and edit information concerning the detail - Can un-assign a user from a detail
    2 Can delete a detail.
    
Admin level
    1 Will have access/views to all pages.  Can NOT edit training information.
    
Capt level 
    1 Will have access to see all personnel assigned to him;
        a including update details,
        b un-assign people from a detail, 
    2 views training information for people in his area
    
Trainer
    Will be able to enter and create training information.  Note;  Admin can view only the trainer will be the only one to create/modify a training record.
    
Lieutenant level
    Similar to Captain, but only sees information concerning personnel assigned to him, can unassign from a detail.
    
Sergeant Level
    Similar to Captain, but limited to his personnel
    
General notes
personnel will be assigned to a Division
    1 Admin
    2 Training
    3 Detail
    4 Patrol
    5 Marine/ATV ????
    6 Motor pool ????
    
Additionally personnel will be designated the following training status
    1 N - New to the unit, Has not completed basic orientation training.  Can not volunteer for any detail
    2 T - Has completed orientation training, has firearm, is not minimum standard certified, can only volunteer as a 2nd on a detail, can ride along ????
    3 F - This person is minimum standard certified, but not FTO certified.  This person can volunteer for all details
    4 C - This a Certified officer, has completed all training, and can do all details and patrols.